# IST 303 Team A - Meeting Notes
## 📅 Date: 2025-03-11
## 🕒 Time: 08:00 PM
## 📍 Location: (Online via Discord)
## 🎯 Attendee:
- [ ] Paniz Herrera
- [ ] Rogelio E. Garcia
- [ ] Hla Win Tun
- [ ] Emmanuel Nakitare

---

## 📌 Discussion Topics:
1. **Project Updates** – (Discuss and Update for Presentation)
2. **Challenges & Roadblocks** – (No Update)
3. **Upcoming Tasks** – (All will be presenting with assigned slides)
4. **Decisions Made** – (Same with upcoming tasks)
5. **Action Items** – (Part C Presentatin Practice)

---

## ✅ Key Decisions:
- Decision 1: Part C Presentatoin
- Decision 2: Hla Win Tun to upload the final slide to Repo and submit the assignment

---

- **Assigned Tasks:**
  - **Hla Win Tun:** (Task assigned: Upload the presentation material to repo and submit in assignment + Due Date: 2025-03-12)
  - **Paniz Herrera:** (Task assigned:  + Due Date: )
  - **Rogelio E. Garcia:** (Task assigned: + Due Date)
  - **Emmanuel Nakitare:** (Task assigned: + Due Date: )

---

## 🔜 **Next Meeting:**
📅 **Date:** 2025-03-18 
🕒 **Time:** 8:00 PM  
📍 **Location:** (Online via Discrod)  
🎯 **Topics to Cover:** (Practice for a Presentation for 12 of March)

---

### 📌 **Notes & Additional Comments**
_(No)_

## 🚀 Action Items:
- **[Everyone]** to practice [Part C Presentation] by []
- **[XXX]** to review [XXX] before [XXX]


