# IST 303 Team A - Meeting Notes
## 📅 Date: 2025-02-24
## 🕒 Time: 08:00 PM
## 📍 Location: (Online via Discord)
## 🎯 Attendee:
- [ ] Paniz Herrera
- [ ] Rogelio E. Garcia
- [ ] Hla Win Tun


---

## 📌 Discussion Topics:
1. **Project Updates** – (Register Page and Login Page created - Updated by Hla Win Tun)
2. **Challenges & Roadblocks** – (Need to add colors for the pages)
3. **Upcoming Tasks** – (Needs to work on displaying quizzes and dashboard)
4. **Decisions Made** – (No updates)
5. **Action Items** – (Part B to complete in Repo and Submit)

---

## ✅ Key Decisions:
- Decision 1: Dashboard, Difficulties level of Questions (Easy, Medium, Hard)
- Decision 2: Hla Win Tun to update Report for Part B and Submit

---

- **Assigned Tasks:**
  - **Hla Win Tun:** (Task assigned:Continue updating the documentation including meeting updates and Part B  + Due Date)
  - **Paniz Herrera:** (Task assigned: Dashboard + Due Date: 2025-03-01)
  - **Rogelio E. Garcia:** (Task assigned: + Due Date)
  - **Emmanuel Nakitare:** (Task assigned + Due Date)

---

## 🔜 **Next Meeting:**
📅 **Date:** 2025-03-02 (Sunday)
🕒 **Time:** 10:00 AM (tentative) 
📍 **Location:** (Online via Discrod)  
🎯 **Topics to Cover:** (Brief list of what will be discussed next time)

---

### 📌 **Notes & Additional Comments**
_(No)_

## 🚀 Action Items:
- **[Hla Win Tun]** to complete [Part B Documentation] by [2025-02-26]
- **[All members]** to review [Part B Documentation] before [Submission]

